# Study Guide

This is a study guide / cheatsheet of whatever I found necessary to know to achieve a good IT role.   

## About the Project

The Study Guide is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator that makes it easy to create and maintain documentation websites. Docusaurus provides a simple and intuitive way to organize and present content, making it an ideal choice for this study guide.

## Getting Started

To run the study guide locally and contribute to the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/gonzaloan/crack-your-interview.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```
npm run start
```

4. Open your web browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to view the study guide.

## Project Structure

The project follows the standard Docusaurus project structure:

- `docs/`: Contains the Markdown files for the study guide content.
- `src/`: Contains the custom React components and pages for the website.
- `static/`: Contains static assets such as images and CSS files.
- `docusaurus.config.js`: The main configuration file for Docusaurus.
- `sidebars.js`: Defines the sidebar navigation structure for the study guide.

## Deployment

The study guide is automatically deployed using AWS CodeBuild, CodePipeline, S3 and CloudFront. Whenever changes are pushed to the `main` branch, a deployment process is triggered through a pre-configured hook. Here's how it works:

1. AWS CodePipeline, a fully managed continuous delivery service, is triggered to build and deploy the project.

2. A WebHook connected between Github to AWS CodeBuild, detects and uses buildspec.yml file to the build instructions that de AWS service performs.

3. The static files generated by Docusaurus are stored in an S3 bucket, which serves as the origin for the study guide website.

4. AWS CloudFront, a fast content delivery network (CDN), is used to distribute the static files globally and provide low-latency access to the study guide.

The deployed study guide is accessible at [guide.gonzalo-munoz.com](https://guide.gonzalo-munoz.com).

## Contributing

Contributions to the Software Architect Study Guide are welcome! If you find any issues, have suggestions for improvements, or want to add new content, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
```
git checkout -b my-feature
```

3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages:
```
git commit -m "feat: Add new section on design patterns"
```

4. Push your changes to your forked repository:
```
git push origin my-feature
```

5. Open a pull request to the `main` branch of the original repository.

Please ensure that your contributions adhere to the project's coding conventions and maintain a clear and concise writing style.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the Software Architect Study Guide, feel free to reach out:

- Email: gonzaloan.munoz@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: [Gonzalo Muñoz](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mmgonzalo/)

We hope you find this study guide helpful in your journey as a software architect or senior engineer!